hey everybody its Kendra so welcome to
my channel if you're new and welcome
back if you've been here before
okay it's Tuesday let's do two's yay or
nay I apologize in advance if I sound
like a broken record talking about this
product I mentioned this in my French
haul and I also mentioned this in my
July favorites but it's a really really
good product and I just wanted to like
really focus on this plus these videos
are only like three four minutes product
I'm talking about today is what I've got
on my nails this is my model zone and
this is their hyper gel gel effect
polish so this is basically like a
do-it-yourself gel polish that lasts a
really long time if you go to the salon
and you get shellac manicures or gel
manicures you know it takes time but
they stay like gel manicures are awesome
you don't have to do your nails for two
weeks they're just perfect I really love
gel manicures but I used to do it and I
just for me like I can't I'm not patient
enough and I also like I'm too cheap to
like go back to the salon and pay like
you know ten euros to actually have them
remove the Polish and then you know
another like 35 40 euros to actually
like put it back on so every time I got
like a gel manicure or pedicure
I always just peeled it off which I know
is like so so bad I know I'm aware
anyway this polish it's kind of like
it's kind of the best of both worlds
because it's gel like it's like this gel
formula and it stays put really well it
doesn't chip but it also is possible to
remove it on your own with you know just
normal nail polish remover so that for
me is perfect also the range of colors
is really nice they have 15 colors and
then they also have a clear topcoat
I don't have the topcoat I really really
want it just because I love a nice gel
topcoat um the colors are really pretty
like you know you've got like your red
you've got like a nice beige like pink
but then they also have really fun
colors um I especially like these
polishes for toes I sometimes like
especially in the summer I like to do a
fun like funky toe color maybe like you
know like a bright aqua color or a blue
or a purple or something so the range of
shades are really cool especially for
toe polish okay my only issue with this
stuff is actually
getting it if you are not in the UK I
believe model zone is a UK brand you can
get it all over the place there um in
Europe I know they've started stocking
it at mono pre in France which is where
I was able to get it the selection there
is still quite limited they didn't have
very many polishes in the US I don't
think you can get this I think you
probably have to order it online I'm not
sure if they do ship to North America I
know like they do ship within Europe but
when I was checking it out to actually
order some when I was still living in
France it was like 15 pounds to ship it
to friends like 15 pounds is like 30
bucks like 30 dollars and for me it's
you know six bottles of nail polish and
pain like an extra $30 to ship it that
just seemed like a little bit too much
for me so that's why I was so excited
when this stuff actually started being
sold in one oh great so yeah I'm giving
the models own hyper gel gel effect
polish a huge yay
please models own just start stocking
this stuff in the u.s. start stocking
this stuff all over the prices are
really really affordable but it's just
actually getting it so thank you so much
for watching like comment subscribe and
I will see you in my next video bye